README.md, before:

# MousePass
Protecting your information one click at a time

## What is MousePass?

MousePass is a passwordless authenitcation service that takes advantage of the human ability to retain childhood events and memories to create a fun, easy, and secure way to log into any major retailor or banking service. This is a innovative leap in the cybersecurity industry that is seemingly simple yet thouroughly sophisticated. By simply answering a few personalized questions about your life, you forego putting in a long, complicated, and easy to remember password and enjoy an effecient machine learning assisted experience in accessing your personal files. 

MousePass utilizes Machine Learning to create a more secure environment for logging into accounts. By tracking the movement of your mouse as you select an answer, we can effectively and quickly identify hesitation and confusion in the subliminal actions of a intruder. According to a [2017 study by Tianjin University](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article/file?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0177851&type=printable), an intruder will hesitate much longer to answer an unexpected question than someone responding truthfully, and an intruder's mouse also will take a far different trajectory. By keeping track of all of these factors in our Machine Learning model, we create a very secure and reliable method to identify intruders and keep user's personal information safe. 

According to the [Pew Institute](http://www.pewinternet.org/2017/01/26/2-password-management-and-mobile-security/), about 49% of internet users write down their password on a pice of paper and 24% save them in a note on a computer or mobile device. These security methods are often adopted by those unwilling to join the 12% of the population who have adopted password managers. MousePass has the capacity to solve this security issue for nearly half of all internet users, allowing them more security without inconveniencing them. 

One of our goals with MousePass is to assist the elderly population in becoming more secure online and less vulnerable to scam artists and phishing attacks. The Pew Institute continues that "older users are more likely to say they primarily [wrote] thier passwords down on a piece of paper". Technologies such as password managers and two factor authentication are not often utilized by the elderly, with [61%](http://www.pewinternet.org/2017/01/26/2-password-management-and-mobile-security/) reporting that they do not use two factor authentication. MousePass utilizes a simple interface which is easily accessible to those of all ages and greatly increases the security of our grapdmnas and grandpas.

Even among those technologically adept, just 30% of "online adults worry about the overall security of their online passwords" and just 14% use complex passwords rather than simple ones. MousePass solves this by removing the need for passwords at all, instead relying on the human nature to remember intimate and special momories. Logging into your account with MousePass is simple and effective, yet fun and exciting. 



## How to run the file

Simply download the zip file into an empty directory and build "mousepass.java" using your IDE of choice.

Commit message:

Added venv capability (improve consistency) and shorter processing
Now requires an installation of venv (for python 2.7)

README.md, after:

# MousePass
Protecting your information one click at a time

## What is MousePass?

MousePass is a passwordless authenitcation service that takes advantage of the human ability to retain childhood events and memories to create a fun, easy, and secure way to log into any major retailor or banking service. This is a innovative leap in the cybersecurity industry that is seemingly simple yet thouroughly sophisticated. By simply answering a few personalized questions about your life, you forego putting in a long, complicated, and easy to remember password and enjoy an effecient machine learning assisted experience in accessing your personal files. 

MousePass utilizes Machine Learning to create a more secure environment for logging into accounts. By tracking the movement of your mouse as you select an answer, we can effectively and quickly identify hesitation and confusion in the subliminal actions of a intruder. According to a [2017 study by Tianjin University](https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article/file?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0177851&type=printable), an intruder will hesitate much longer to answer an unexpected question than someone responding truthfully, and an intruder's mouse also will take a far different trajectory. By keeping track of all of these factors in our Machine Learning model, we create a very secure and reliable method to identify intruders and keep user's personal information safe. 

According to the [Pew Institute](http://www.pewinternet.org/2017/01/26/2-password-management-and-mobile-security/), about 49% of internet users write down their password on a pice of paper and 24% save them in a note on a computer or mobile device. These security methods are often adopted by those unwilling to join the 12% of the population who have adopted password managers. MousePass has the capacity to solve this security issue for nearly half of all internet users, allowing them more security without inconveniencing them. 

One of our goals with MousePass is to assist the elderly population in becoming more secure online and less vulnerable to scam artists and phishing attacks. The Pew Institute continues that "older users are more likely to say they primarily [wrote] thier passwords down on a piece of paper". Technologies such as password managers and two factor authentication are not often utilized by the elderly, with [61%](http://www.pewinternet.org/2017/01/26/2-password-management-and-mobile-security/) reporting that they do not use two factor authentication. MousePass utilizes a simple interface which is easily accessible to those of all ages and greatly increases the security of our grapdmnas and grandpas.

Even among those technologically adept, just 30% of "online adults worry about the overall security of their online passwords" and just 14% use complex passwords rather than simple ones. MousePass solves this by removing the need for passwords at all, instead relying on the human nature to remember intimate and special momories. Logging into your account with MousePass is simple and effective, yet fun and exciting. 



## How to run the file

Simply download the zip file into an empty directory and build "mousepass.java" using your IDE of choice. To run the machine learning model, first install tensorflow, python 2.7, pip, and venv inside of the MousePass directory.
